53847 - Add documentation of the TarFileExportMode parameter (#248)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/middleware-de-kassensichv/operation-modes/on-premise-databases/entity-framework.md

| Name                        | Description                                                                                                      | **Default Value**<br />**Mandatory Field** |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| _connectionstring_          | EF-compatible connection string to the database system                                                           | mandatory                                  |

> | _TarFileExportMode_         | `All` Enables the automatic TAR File export from the TSE on the Queue level. `None` Disables the automatic TAR File export from the TSE on the Queue level. `Erased` TAR files are only exported and saved when they could be deleted from the TSE. (Values: `All` / `None` / `Erased`)                           | ja (default: `true`)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _TarFileExportMode_         | `All` Enables the automatic TAR File export from the TSE on the Queue level. `None` Disables the automatic TAR File export from the TSE on the Queue level. `Erased` TAR files are only exported and saved when they could be deleted from the TSE. (Values: `All` / `None` / `Erased`)                           | optional (default: `All`)  |
```
